README.md, before:

Amended US keyboard with German letters and symbols as well as some Swedish letters.

![Layout](https://github.com/wasmitnetzen/keyboard/raw/master/layout.png "Layout")

## Installation
On Ubuntu, copy the `us` file to `/usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/` and `evdev.xml` to `/usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/`. It is recommended to backup the original files before and also enable another keyboard layout, as a non-functional keyboard makes it kinda hard to login.


## Changes to American layout
* Switched y and z
* Extra letters, accessible with Level3 modifier, which is usually RAlt
  * Added German üÜ, German/Swedish äÄ, and öÖ, and Swedish åÅ to u, a, o, and p, respectively
  * Added ßẞ to s
  * Added µ to m
  * Added German quote marks „“ to ,.
  * Added section § to 4
  * Added € on 5
  * Added degree ° to 6
  * Added dead_abovering ° to CAPS+6
  * Added thin space (U2009), nobreakspace to Space bar
* Pause is Mute

## Links
* http://people.uleth.ca/~daniel.odonnell/Blog/custom-keyboard-in-linuxx11
* https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Custom%20keyboard%20layout%20definitions?action=show&redirect=Howto%3A+Custom+keyboard+layout+definitions
* https://askubuntu.com/questions/1041341/adding-multimedia-xf86-shortcut-to-regular-keys-using-xkb
* https://medium.com/@damko/a-simple-humble-but-comprehensive-guide-to-xkb-for-linux-6f1ad5e13450

Commit message:

Change files to patches, update Readme

README.md, after:

Amended US keyboard with German letters and symbols as well as some Swedish letters.

![Layout](https://github.com/wasmitnetzen/keyboard/raw/master/layout.png "Layout")

## Installation

Apply the patches to the appropriate files, on Ubuntu, that is

    sudo patch -u -b /usr/share/X11/xkb/rules/evdev.xml -i evdev.xml.patch
    sudo patch -u -b /usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/us -i us.patch

The patches currently work on the files coming with Ubuntu 19.04 and 20.04 LTS, but should be easy to adapt to any other version.

Then enable the keyboad in the input settings. It can be found as a variant of the English (US) layout. I would recommended to enable at least one other keyboard layout as well, as a non-functional keyboard makes it kinda hard to login in case of errors.

## Changes to American layout
* Switched y and z
* Extra letters, accessible with Level3 modifier, which is usually RAlt
  * Added German üÜ, German/Swedish äÄ, and öÖ, and Swedish åÅ to u, a, o, and p, respectively
  * Added ßẞ to s
  * Added µ to m
  * Added German quote marks „“ to ,.
  * Added section § to 4
  * Added € on 5
  * Added degree ° to 6
  * Added dead_abovering ° to CAPS+6
  * Added thin space (U2009), nobreakspace to Space bar
* Pause is Mute

## Links
* http://people.uleth.ca/~daniel.odonnell/Blog/custom-keyboard-in-linuxx11
* https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Custom%20keyboard%20layout%20definitions?action=show&redirect=Howto%3A+Custom+keyboard+layout+definitions
* https://askubuntu.com/questions/1041341/adding-multimedia-xf86-shortcut-to-regular-keys-using-xkb
* https://medium.com/@damko/a-simple-humble-but-comprehensive-guide-to-xkb-for-linux-6f1ad5e13450
